what's going on everyone I'm Jeff
Bakalar from the 404 show I'm here at
Comic Con 2013 by myself but
nevertheless gonna check out some of
these cosplayers if you remember last
year we interviewed dozens of people who
waste all kinds of time getting dressed
for the big show
so let's go interview some of these
dedicated full and see what's going on
as we enter the show floor of Comic Con
2013 so how's it going enjoying the
scenery of downtown San Diego oh my god
he does that really well dude are you
licking the lips and all that just soon
I like this is really really nice you
did a great job what's your like who's
your tailor probably some poor guy in
Singapore I guess so how you do that
really well man so what's up with the
gift of the ghetto where'd you get this
mess immortal - check out Andrew
Friedman's immortal mass silicone yeah
like so it lets you breathe well you're
doing like the chewing thing you got
that down real nice the makeup process
yeah totally let me see the back cuz you
got like a thing a shredder here look at
I want you for the foot that is so rad
right on and he's got a little sure
it'll tail shirt sure it'll turtle
shells on his vest there you're looking
tight man some great Big Easy I don't
know if those fingers you could pull the
pin on them I'm not sure about that
alright we're here with which Riva you
already broke character I mean you gotta
go 110 percent here what let's know
there's nothing wrong there's nothing
wrong with being Canadian I love Canada
we're in Canada are you from where's
Wonder Woman from
look at this little dude this guy's in
his own MC look at this oh my god come
back little dog
oh it's ron perlman oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god Leeloo and korben
korben lulu tell me more about the whole
fifth element they I just fit the
elements like my favorite movie I feel
like I've been done in a while not gonna
lie man you kind of look like Bruce
Willis a little bit that's a compliment
he's a sexy guys are killing it so we're
here with Lady Loki lady
Loki is that a real character yeah it's
a real name real character as guard as
guard so you in like Thor hate each
other no he's my brother we have a
complicated relationship can you tell me
you tell me a little bit about that
relationship
well I'm adopted you know that always
calls it's trouble and you're in the
shadow of your blond beautiful I mean I
am adopted right that's not totally
understandable
so your costume is very detailed the
whole thing tell me how will that came
to be like what was the process like
this is my first time it's making your
costume so it looks like the first time
thank you
I taught myself to make scale male right
scale that's what those it's an Asian
technique where you weave metal little
scales it's like it's like what the hell
is that from Laura they're a like me
throw
so if I get shot with an arrow in this
area right I'll be okay right but the
second even I'm not too sure but I I'm
riding a dinosaur well that's clear so I
so I like that that's cool ah it's a
raptor but I think it's female
okay so we'll call it call her Beverly
how's that work okay I like it yeah
Beverly Beverly say something so tell me
about the getup
I'm dressed as an Iraqi aunt from the
show defiance it's a race of aliens that
come to live on earth I always grew up
kind of like the darker kid but I was
raised by hippies and they're kind of
like a weird mix between hippies and Mad
Max road warriors what a kind of cosplay
are we dealing with there's like Team
Fortress dr. McNinja yes like doc like
what is that dirt but he's a ninja and
his heritage is Irish so so he dr.
McNinja oh this is an actual thing
so does he like he does like surgery and
no one knows it no so he heals with the
one hand and kills with the other
sometimes need someone to save a life
sometimes need someone to take a life
he's there in either case I have a
question how come the Sharks survive
going in the tornado they canned then
they like swim through the air it
doesn't make any sense
listen you're gonna find that out in
sharknado 2 the quest for more money
oh that's iron man you can't do iron man
right this is circuit hailing a cab so
I'm here in my old home boy
Deadpool always breaking the fourth wall
right no no no I told you this whole
thing about Deadpool who told you this
this guy I said the cops he's like
Deadpool so cool he breaks a port boy
he's like a
a comic book character okay okay it's
true you copy you go so now when you put
on the Deadpool sort of getup cuz and
its really a great getup and altogether
I try I try
Gena hard but still I tried these all
fair enough you are there's some
competition right there well that guy
sucks everybody should be dressed up as
someone like me fryer absolutely so but
like I said when you put on the whole
gear do you feel like you have to act
more like you to have me so outgoing you
know what it is dude it's the girls
there's the girls Deadpool they just
they just that's what it is yeah that's
what it is they come to you yeah and
like when the mask comes off it's still
okay like everything so it all goes away
bro I look burn victims look better than
me what do you got what's your deal
what's your deal doing a terrible job
you remind me of like the mom from
Addams Family you sound like you're like
a zombie from Long Island all right
that's gonna wrap it up here at
comic-con we met some interesting
cosplayers say goodbye everybody
all right and until next time I'm Jeff
Bakalar thanks for watching